Rancher PAYG offerings for AWS and Azure (#1008)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.7/integrations-in-rancher/cloud-marketplace/azure-marketplace-payg-integration/upgrading-rancher-payg-cluster.md

---

> title: Upgrading Rancher Prime PAYG Cluster in Azure

Reviewer: Apply similar suggestions as for AWS

---

> The Azure Marketplace PAYG offering is periodically updated as a new version of Rancher Prime is released and for optimizations in the integration with Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Marketplace PAYG offering is periodically updated when a new version of Rancher Prime is released, and to optimize integration with Azure.
```

> To update to the latest version of the Rancher Prime PAYG offering supported in the marketplace listing, run the following command in the cluster Cloud Shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update to the latest supported version of the Rancher Prime PAYG offering, run the following command in the cluster Cloud Shell:
```

```shell

> az k8s-extension update  --name <cluster extension resource name>   --cluster-name <cluster name> --resource-group <resource group> --cluster-type managedClusters --version <version to be upgraded>

Reviewer 2: Other parts of the PR use the `$FOO` format for placeholder values.

```

:::warning

> Rancher Prime PAYG customers have constraints on getting updates to the offer, based on the latest version SUSE has published to Azure. The latest available Rancher Prime version may trail slightly behind the latest Rancher release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher Prime PAYG customers have constraints on getting updates, based on the latest version SUSE has published to Azure. The latest available Rancher Prime version may trail slightly behind the latest Rancher release.
```

To match the wording in the corresponding AWS page
